[#256] Add two ros action server/client demos (#346)
space-concordia-robotics/robotics-prototype: robot/demos/RosAction/README.md

This package includes two action client/action server demos.

> In order to run them, copy the src folder into a catkin_ws, cd into the catkin_ws, and run catkin_make
> 
> Example One: Fibonacci Sequence
> 1) Run roscore
> 
> 2) Run rosrun actionlib_tutorials fibonacci_server.py - this server will perform the action
> 
> 3) Run rosrun actionlib_tutorials fibonacci_client.py - this client sends the action to the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example One: Fibonacci Sequence

Keep in mind that you can use double tab to help autocomplete `rosrun` commands, this usually only works after sourcing the appropriate `setup.bash` file.

1) `cd` into `robotics-prototype/robot/demos/RosAction`, run `catkin_make`

2) Run `source devel/setup.bash` - this must be done each time you open a new terminal

3) Run `roscore`

4) In a new terminal run `rosrun actionlib_tutorials fibonacci_server.py` - this server will perform the action

5) In a new terminal run `rostopic echo fibonacci/feedback` - this will allow you to monitor the feedback

6) In a new terminal run` rosrun actionlib_tutorials fibonacci_client.py` - this client sends the action to the server
```

There are three topics that we care about:
/fibonacci/goal - this is how many numbers in the fibonacci sequence we want to solve for
For example if the goal is set to 5 (order=5, line 22) in fibonacci_client.py, then the action
will solve for the first 5 numbers in the fibonacci sequence

/fibonacci/feedback - this updates every time a new number is added to the sequence

/fibonacci/result - when the action is complete, this will display the result.
For example if goal is set to order=5, then result will get published to this topic in the form of sequence: [0, 1, 1, 3, 5]

Example Two: Dishwasher Action

> 1) Run roscore
> 
> 2) Run dishwasher_action dishwasher_server.py
> 
> 3) Run dishwasher_action dishwasher_client.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Run steps 1 to 3 from Example One: Fibonacci Sequence

2) In a new terminal, run `dishwasher_action dishwasher_server.py`

3) In a new terminal, run `rostopic echo dishwasher/feedback`

4) In a new terminal, run `dishwasher_action dishwasher_client.py`
```
